Fix typos and grammar in md files (#593)
navapbc/template-infra: docs/infra/vulnerability-management.md

## How to use Workflow
The workflow will run whenever there is a push to a PR or when merged to `main` if there are changes in the `app` directory. It is scanning in both cases to ensure there are no issues if a PR is approved on a Friday, but isn't merged till Monday - a CVE could have been found in the time between the last run and the merge.

## Notes about Scanners

### Hadolint
The hadolint scanner allows you to ignore or safelist certain findings, which can be specified in the [.hadolint.yaml](../../.hadolint.yaml) file. There is a template file here that you can use in your repo.

### Trivy
The trivy scanner allows you to ignore or safelist certain findings, which can be specified in the [.trivyignore](../../.trivyignore) file. There is a template file here that you can use in your repo.

### Anchore
The anchore scanner allows you to ignore or safelist certain findings, which can be specified in the [.grype.yml](../../.grype.yml) file. There is a template file here that you can use in your repo. There are flags set to ignore findings that are in the state `not-fixed`, `wont-fix`, and `unknown`.

### Dockle

> The dockle scanner action does not have the ability to use an ignore or safelist findings file, but is able to by specifying an allow file, or `DOCKLE_ACCEPT_FILES`, environmental variable. To get around this, there is a step before the dockle scan is run to check for a file named [.dockleconfig](../../.dockleconfig), and pipe it to the environmental variable if it exists. Note that this will not ignore finding types like the other scanner's ignore file, but ignore the file specified in the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dockle scanner action does not have the ability to use an ignore or safelist findings file, but is able to by specifying an allow file, or `DOCKLE_ACCEPT_FILES`, environmental variable. To get around this, there is a step before the dockle scan runs that checks for a file named [.dockleconfig](../../.dockleconfig) and pipes it to the environmental variable if it exists. Note that this will not ignore finding types like the other scanner's ignore file, but ignore the file specified in the list.
```

Reviewer: What you have is fine. I'm honestly not sure which is right and thought this might be easier to read. But feel free to reject this suggestion!

Author: How about this?
```suggestion
The dockle scanner action does not have the ability to use an ignore or safelist findings file, but is able to by specifying an allow file, or `DOCKLE_ACCEPT_FILES`, environmental variable. To get around this, before the dockle scan is run, a prior step checks for a file named [.dockleconfig](../../.dockleconfig) and pipes it to the environmental variable if it exists. Note that this will not ignore finding types like the other scanner's ignore file, but ignore the file specified in the list.
```

Reviewer: Nice. I'd still replace `dockle scan is run` with `dockle scan runs`, but I think that's extremely minor and your way is totally cool too. :) LGTM!

Author: Agree!
